
%%%% A

\newglossaryentry{Absorption}
{name={Absorption}, 
plural={جذب},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AcceptableCell}
{name={Acceptable Cell}, 
plural={سلول پذیرفتنی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Accessibility}
{name={Accessibility}, 
plural={دستیابی‌پذیری},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AccessBurst}
{name={Access Burst}, 
plural={توده دسترسی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AccessPoint}
{name={Access Point}, 
plural={نقطه دسترسی},
description={}
}
\newglossaryentry{AccessDomain}
{name={Access Domain}, 
plural={ناحیه دسترسی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AccessStratum}
{name={Access Stratum}, 
plural={طبقه دسترسی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Accounting}
{name={Accounting}, 
plural={حسابرسی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AccountingManagement}
{name={Accounting Management}, 
plural={مدیریت حسابرسی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Accuracy}
{name={Accuracy}, 
plural={دقت},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Achievable}
{name={Achievable}, 
plural={قابل دستیابی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Action}
{name={Action}, 
plural={کنش},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Actions}
{name={Actions}, 
plural={کنش‌ها},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{ActiveState}
{name={Active State}, 
plural={حالت فعال},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AdHocNetwork}
{name={AdHoc Network}, 
plural={شبکه اقتضایی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AdHocNetworks}
{name={AdHoc Networks}, 
plural={شبکه‌های اقتضایی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Adjacent}
{name={Adjacent}, 
plural={مجاور},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AdjacentChannelInterference}
{name={Adjacent Channel Interference}, 
plural={تداخل کانال‌های همجوار},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Adversary}
{name={Adversary}, 
plural={مهاجم},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Aeronavigation}
{name={Aero Navigation}, 
plural={ناوبری هوایی},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Aggregate}
{name={Aggregate}, 
plural={تجمیع شده},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AggregateFunction}
{name={Aggregate Function}, 
plural={تابع تجمیع شده},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AggregateProcess}
{name={Aggregate Process}, 
plural={فرایند تجمیع شده},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{AggregateThroughput}
{name={Aggregate Throughput}, 
plural={گذردهی تجمیع شده},
description={}
}

\newglossaryentry{Agreed}
{name={Agreed}, 
plural={موافقت شده},
description={}
}
